src/ImageBuilder/ImageBuilder.Autorest/README.md, before:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.ImageBuilder
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the ImageBuilder service.

---

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.ImageBuilder`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

---
## Generation Requirements
Use of the beta version of `autorest.powershell` generator requires the following:
- [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org) (10.15.x LTS preferred)
  - **Note**: It *will not work* with Node < 10.x. Using 11.x builds may cause issues as they may introduce instability or breaking changes.
> If you want an easy way to install and update Node, [NVS - Node Version Switcher](../nodejs/installing-via-nvs.md) or [NVM - Node Version Manager](../nodejs/installing-via-nvm.md) is recommended.
- [AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest) v3 beta <br>`npm install -g autorest@beta`<br>&nbsp;
- PowerShell 6.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g pwsh`<br>&nbsp;
- .NET Core SDK 2.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g dotnet-sdk-2.2`<br>&nbsp;

## Run Generation
In this directory, run AutoRest:
> `autorest`

---
### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
branch: 4b4bb1021353692578499f43f1aa912964a2b7e2
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azure.noprofile.md
input-file:
  - $(repo)/specification/imagebuilder/resource-manager/Microsoft.VirtualMachineImages/stable/2022-07-01/imagebuilder.json

title: ImageBuilder
module-version: 0.1.0
subject-prefix: $(service-name)

identity-correction-for-post: true
resourcegroup-append: true
nested-object-to-string: true

directive:
  # 1. Remove the unexpanded parameter set
  # 2. For New-* cmdlets, ViaIdentity is not required, so CreateViaIdentityExpanded is removed as well
  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$
    remove: true
  # Remove the set-* cmdlet
  - where:
      verb: Set
    remove: true

  # To remove non-expanded update variants:
  - where:
      variant: ^Update(?!.*?Expanded)
    remove: true

  # 1. Field 'identity' is required => IdentityType and IdentityUserAssignedIdentity are required
  # 2. Hide IdentityType as only 'UserAssigned' is valid value so far
  # 3. Wrap UserAssignedIdentity with UserAssignedIdentityId to simplify customer's input 
  # 4. Field 'properties' is required => Source, Customize and Distribute are required
  # Rename IdentityUserAssignedIdentity to UserAssignedIdentity
  - where:
      parameter-name: IdentityUserAssignedIdentity
    set:
      parameter-name: UserAssignedIdentity

  # Rename *-AzImageBuildVirtualMachineImage(.*) -> *-AzImageBuild(.*)
  - where:
      subject: (.*)Image(.*)
    set:
      subject: $2

  - where:
      subject: Template
      variant: ^CreateExpanded$
    hide: true

  # Rename ImageTemplateName -> Name and keep ImageTemplateName as alias in *-AzImageBuildTemplate
  - where:
      subject: Template
      parameter-name: ImageTemplateName
    set:
      parameter-name: Name
      alias: ImageTemplateName

  # Rename RunOutputName -> Name and keep RunOutputName as alias in *-AzImageBuildTemplateRunOutput
  - where:
      subject: TemplateRunOutput
      parameter-name: RunOutputName
    set:
      parameter-name: Name
      alias: RunOutputName

  # Rename ValidateInVMValidation to Validator 
  - where:
      parameter-name: ValidateInVMValidation
    set:
      parameter-name: Validator

  # Collapse model with discriminator
  - no-inline:
    - ImageTemplateCustomizer
    - ImageTemplateDistributor
    - ImageTemplateSource
    - ImageTemplateInVMValidator
    - DistributeVersioner

  - where:
      model-name: ImageTemplate
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
  - where:
      model-name: Trigger
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Kind
          - Name
          - ProvisioningState
          - ResourceGroupName
  - where:
      model-name: RunOutput
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - ProvisioningState
          - ResourceGroupName

  # Generate models and combine them as 1 cmdlet
  # - model-cmdlet:
  #   ########### ImageTemplateCustomizer ############
  #   # Combine as 1 cmdlet named New-AzImageBuilderTemplateCustomizerObject
  #   - ImageTemplateCustomizer
  #   - ImageTemplateShellCustomizer
  #   - ImageTemplateRestartCustomizer
  #   - ImageTemplateWindowsUpdateCustomizer
  #   - ImageTemplatePowerShellCustomizer
  #   - ImageTemplateFileCustomizer
  #   ########## ImageTemplateDistributor ###########
  #   # Combine as 1 cmdlet named New-AzImageBuilderTemplateDistributorObject
  #   - ImageTemplateDistributor
  #   - ImageTemplateManagedImageDistributor
  #   - ImageTemplateSharedImageDistributor
  #   - ImageTemplateVhdDistributor
  #   ############# ImageTemplateSource ##############
  #   # Combine as 1 cmdlet named New-AzImageBuilderTemplateSourceObject
  #   - ImageTemplateSource
  #   # Note: publisher, offer, sku and version are required
  #   - ImageTemplatePlatformImageSource 
  #   - ImageTemplateManagedImageSource
  #   - ImageTemplateSharedImageVersionSource
  #   ########## ImageTemplateInVMValidator ###########
  #   # Combine as 1 cmdlet named New-AzImageBuilderTemplateValidatorObject
  #   - ImageTemplateInVMValidator
  #   - ImageTemplateShellValidator
  #   - ImageTemplatePowerShellValidator
  #   ########## AzImageBuilderTemplateDistributorVersioning ###########
  #   - DistributeVersioner
  #   - DistributeVersionerLatest
  #   - DistributeVersionerSource
```

Commit message:

Refresh autorest-all modules from vidai/secrets-detection-generation to vidai/secrets-detection-evaluation (#24667)

src/ImageBuilder/ImageBuilder.Autorest/README.md, after:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.ImageBuilder
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the ImageBuilder service.

---
## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.ImageBuilder`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

---
## Generation Requirements
Use of the beta version of `autorest.powershell` generator requires the following:
- [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org) (10.15.x LTS preferred)
  - **Note**: It *will not work* with Node < 10.x. Using 11.x builds may cause issues as they may introduce instability or breaking changes.
> If you want an easy way to install and update Node, [NVS - Node Version Switcher](../nodejs/installing-via-nvs.md) or [NVM - Node Version Manager](../nodejs/installing-via-nvm.md) is recommended.
- [AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest) v3 beta <br>`npm install -g autorest@beta`<br>&nbsp;
- PowerShell 6.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g pwsh`<br>&nbsp;
- .NET Core SDK 2.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g dotnet-sdk-2.2`<br>&nbsp;

## Run Generation
In this directory, run AutoRest:
> `autorest`

---
### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
commit: 4b4bb1021353692578499f43f1aa912964a2b7e2
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../../readme.azure.noprofile.md
input-file:
  - $(repo)/specification/imagebuilder/resource-manager/Microsoft.VirtualMachineImages/stable/2022-07-01/imagebuilder.json

title: ImageBuilder
module-version: 0.1.0
subject-prefix: $(service-name)

identity-correction-for-post: true
resourcegroup-append: true
nested-object-to-string: true

# For new modules, please avoid setting 3.x using the use-extension method and instead, use 4.x as the default option
use-extension:
  "@autorest/powershell": "3.x"

directive:
  # 1. Remove the unexpanded parameter set
  # 2. For New-* cmdlets, ViaIdentity is not required, so CreateViaIdentityExpanded is removed as well
  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$
    remove: true
  # Remove the set-* cmdlet
  - where:
      verb: Set
    remove: true

  # To remove non-expanded update variants:
  - where:
      variant: ^Update(?!.*?Expanded)
    remove: true

  # 1. Field 'identity' is required => IdentityType and IdentityUserAssignedIdentity are required
  # 2. Hide IdentityType as only 'UserAssigned' is valid value so far
  # 3. Wrap UserAssignedIdentity with UserAssignedIdentityId to simplify customer's input 
  # 4. Field 'properties' is required => Source, Customize and Distribute are required
  # Rename IdentityUserAssignedIdentity to UserAssignedIdentity
  - where:
      parameter-name: IdentityUserAssignedIdentity
    set:
      parameter-name: UserAssignedIdentity

  # Rename *-AzImageBuildVirtualMachineImage(.*) -> *-AzImageBuild(.*)
  - where:
      subject: (.*)Image(.*)
    set:
      subject: $2

  - where:
      subject: Template
      variant: ^CreateExpanded$
    hide: true

  # Rename ImageTemplateName -> Name and keep ImageTemplateName as alias in *-AzImageBuildTemplate
  - where:
      subject: Template
      parameter-name: ImageTemplateName
    set:
      parameter-name: Name
      alias: ImageTemplateName

  # Rename RunOutputName -> Name and keep RunOutputName as alias in *-AzImageBuildTemplateRunOutput
  - where:
      subject: TemplateRunOutput
      parameter-name: RunOutputName
    set:
      parameter-name: Name
      alias: RunOutputName

  # Rename ValidateInVMValidation to Validator 
  - where:
      parameter-name: ValidateInVMValidation
    set:
      parameter-name: Validator

  # Collapse model with discriminator
  - no-inline:
    - ImageTemplateCustomizer
    - ImageTemplateDistributor
    - ImageTemplateSource
    - ImageTemplateInVMValidator
    - DistributeVersioner

  - where:
      model-name: ImageTemplate
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Location
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
  - where:
      model-name: Trigger
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Kind
          - Name
          - ProvisioningState
          - ResourceGroupName
  - where:
      model-name: RunOutput
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - ProvisioningState
          - ResourceGroupName

  # Generate models and combine them as 1 cmdlet
  # - model-cmdlet:
  #   ########### ImageTemplateCustomizer ############
  #   # Combine as 1 cmdlet named New-AzImageBuilderTemplateCustomizerObject
  #   - ImageTemplateCustomizer
  #   - ImageTemplateShellCustomizer
  #   - ImageTemplateRestartCustomizer
  #   - ImageTemplateWindowsUpdateCustomizer
  #   - ImageTemplatePowerShellCustomizer
  #   - ImageTemplateFileCustomizer
  #   ########## ImageTemplateDistributor ###########
  #   # Combine as 1 cmdlet named New-AzImageBuilderTemplateDistributorObject
  #   - ImageTemplateDistributor
  #   - ImageTemplateManagedImageDistributor
  #   - ImageTemplateSharedImageDistributor
  #   - ImageTemplateVhdDistributor
  #   ############# ImageTemplateSource ##############
  #   # Combine as 1 cmdlet named New-AzImageBuilderTemplateSourceObject
  #   - ImageTemplateSource
  #   # Note: publisher, offer, sku and version are required
  #   - ImageTemplatePlatformImageSource 
  #   - ImageTemplateManagedImageSource
  #   - ImageTemplateSharedImageVersionSource
  #   ########## ImageTemplateInVMValidator ###########
  #   # Combine as 1 cmdlet named New-AzImageBuilderTemplateValidatorObject
  #   - ImageTemplateInVMValidator
  #   - ImageTemplateShellValidator
  #   - ImageTemplatePowerShellValidator
  #   ########## AzImageBuilderTemplateDistributorVersioning ###########
  #   - DistributeVersioner
  #   - DistributeVersionerLatest
  #   - DistributeVersionerSource
```
