src/VoiceServices/VoiceServices.Autorest/README.md, before:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.VoiceServices
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the VoiceServices service.

---

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.VoiceServices`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

## Run Generation
In this directory, run AutoRest:
> `autorest-beta`

---
### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
branch: 78ec1b99699a4bf44869bd13f1b0ed7d92a99c27
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azure.noprofile.md
  - $(repo)/specification/voiceservices/resource-manager/readme.md
try-require:
  - $(repo)/specification/voiceservices/resource-manager/readme.powershell.md

subject-prefix: $(service-name)

inlining-threshold: 100
resourcegroup-append: true
nested-object-to-string: true

directive:
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.definitions.ApiBridgeProperties
    transform: >-
      return {
        "type": "object",
        "properties": {},
        "additionalProperties": true,
        "description": "Details of API bridge functionality."
      }

  - where:
      subject: ^NameAvailabilityLocal$
      variant: ^Check$|^CheckViaIdentity$|^CheckViaIdentityExpanded$
    remove: true
  - where:
      subject: ^NameAvailabilityLocal$
    set:
      subject: NameAvailability

  - where:
      subject: CommunicationGateway
    set:
      subject: CommunicationsGateway

  - where:
      subject: CommunicationsGateway
      parameter-name: AutoGeneratedDomainNameLabelScope
    set:
      parameter-name: DomainNameLabelScope
      
  - where:
      subject: TestLine
    set:
      subject: CommunicationsTestLine

  - where:
      verb: Set
    remove: true

  - where:
      subject: ^CommunicationsGateway$|^CommunicationsContact$|^CommunicationsTestLine$
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$
    remove: true

  - where:
      subject: ^CommunicationsGateway$
      parameter-name: CommunicationsGatewayName
    set:
      parameter-name: Name

  - where:
      parameter-name: PropertiesContactName
    set:
      parameter-name: FullContactName
  # - model-cmdlet:
    # - ServiceRegionProperties
```

Commit message:

Refresh autorest-all modules from vidai/secrets-detection-generation to vidai/secrets-detection-evaluation (#24667)

src/VoiceServices/VoiceServices.Autorest/README.md, after:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.VoiceServices
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the VoiceServices service.

---
## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.VoiceServices`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

## Run Generation
In this directory, run AutoRest:
> `autorest-beta`

---
### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
commit: 78ec1b99699a4bf44869bd13f1b0ed7d92a99c27
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../../readme.azure.noprofile.md
  - $(repo)/specification/voiceservices/resource-manager/readme.md
try-require:
  - $(repo)/specification/voiceservices/resource-manager/readme.powershell.md

subject-prefix: $(service-name)

inlining-threshold: 100
resourcegroup-append: true
nested-object-to-string: true

# For new modules, please avoid setting 3.x using the use-extension method and instead, use 4.x as the default option
use-extension:
  "@autorest/powershell": "3.x"

directive:
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.definitions.ApiBridgeProperties
    transform: >-
      return {
        "type": "object",
        "properties": {},
        "additionalProperties": true,
        "description": "Details of API bridge functionality."
      }

  - where:
      subject: ^NameAvailabilityLocal$
      variant: ^Check$|^CheckViaIdentity$|^CheckViaIdentityExpanded$
    remove: true
  - where:
      subject: ^NameAvailabilityLocal$
    set:
      subject: NameAvailability

  - where:
      subject: CommunicationGateway
    set:
      subject: CommunicationsGateway

  - where:
      subject: CommunicationsGateway
      parameter-name: AutoGeneratedDomainNameLabelScope
    set:
      parameter-name: DomainNameLabelScope
      
  - where:
      subject: TestLine
    set:
      subject: CommunicationsTestLine

  - where:
      verb: Set
    remove: true

  - where:
      subject: ^CommunicationsGateway$|^CommunicationsContact$|^CommunicationsTestLine$
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$
    remove: true

  - where:
      subject: ^CommunicationsGateway$
      parameter-name: CommunicationsGatewayName
    set:
      parameter-name: Name

  - where:
      parameter-name: PropertiesContactName
    set:
      parameter-name: FullContactName
  # - model-cmdlet:
    # - ServiceRegionProperties
```
