src/ADDomainServices/ADDomainServices.Autorest/README.md, before:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.ADDomainServices
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the AdDomainServices service.

---

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.ADDomainServices`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
branch: 394ab556cb4aed1196918856a24be9b02609cc93
require:
# readme.azure.noprofile.md is the common configuration file
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azure.noprofile.md
input-file:
# You need to specify your swagger files here.
  - $(repo)/specification/domainservices/resource-manager/Microsoft.AAD/stable/2020-01-01/domainservices.json
# If the swagger has not been put in the repo, you may uncomment the following line and refer to it locally
# - (this-folder)/relative-path-to-your-swagger 

# For new RP, the version is 0.1.0
module-version: 0.1.0
# Normally, title is the service name
title: ADDomainServices
service-name: ADDomainServices
subject-prefix: ADDomainService

# If there are post APIs for some kinds of actions in the RP, you may need to 
# uncomment following line to support viaIdentity for these post APIs
# identity-correction-for-post: true
resourcegroup-append: true

directive:
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.definitions..pfxCertificatePassword
    transform: $.format = "password"
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.definitions..trustPassword
    transform: $.format = "password"
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.definitions..pfxCertificate
    transform: $.format = "byte"
  # Following is two common directive which are normally required in all the RPs
  # 1. Remove the unexpanded parameter set
  # 2. For New-* cmdlets, ViaIdentity is not required, so CreateViaIdentityExpanded is removed as well
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.AAD/domainServices/{domainServiceName}"].delete.responses
    transform: >-
        $["200"] = {
          "description": "HTTP 200 (OK) should be returned if the object exists and was deleted successfully."
        }
  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$
    remove: true
  # Remove the set-* cmdlet
  - where:
      verb: Set
    remove: true
  # Hide Operation cmdlets
  - where:
      subject: DomainServiceOperation
    hide: true
  # Reset subject-prefix as AD as previous setting by subject-prefix tag converts AD to Ad
  - where:
      subject-prefix: Ad(.*)
    set: 
      subject-prefix: AD$1
   # Hide to customize, DomainName -> required, ReplicaSet -> required
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: DomainService
    hide: true
   # Set the default of Location same with first element in ReplicaSets so that it can keep as optional
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: DomainService      
      parameter-name: Location
    set:
      default:
        name: Location Default
        description: Gets the Location from the first element in ReplicaSets.
        script: '$ReplicaSet[0].Location'
   # Add validate set for DomainConfigurationType: "FullySynced", "ResourceTrusting"
  - where:
      parameter-name: DomainConfigurationType
    set:
      completer:
        name: DomainConfigurationType Completer
        description: Gets the list of DomainConfigurationTypes available for this resource.
        script: "'FullySynced', 'ResourceTrusting'"
   # Added validate set for Sku: "Standard", "Enterprise", "Premium"
  - where:
      parameter-name: Sku
    set:
      completer:
        name: Sku Completer
        description: Gets the list of Skus available for this resource.
        script: "'Standard', 'Enterprise', 'Premium'"
  # Rename parameter LdapSettingLdap -> LdapSettingLdaps
  - where:
      parameter-name: LdapSettingLdap
    set:
      parameter-name: LdapSettingLdaps
  # Rename parameter ResourceForestSetting -> ForestTrust
  - where:
      parameter-name: ResourceForestSetting
    set:
      parameter-name: ForestTrust
  # Rename ResourceForestSettingResourceForest to ResourceForest
  - where:
      parameter-name: ResourceForestSettingResourceForest
    set:
      parameter-name: ResourceForest
  - model-cmdlet:
    - ForestTrust
    - ReplicaSet
  - where:
      model-name: DomainService
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - DomainName
          - Location
          - Sku
        labels:
          DomainName: Domain Name
```

Commit message:

Refresh autorest-all modules from vidai/secrets-detection-generation to vidai/secrets-detection-evaluation (#24667)

src/ADDomainServices/ADDomainServices.Autorest/README.md, after:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.ADDomainServices
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the AdDomainServices service.

---
## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.ADDomainServices`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
commit: 394ab556cb4aed1196918856a24be9b02609cc93
require:
# readme.azure.noprofile.md is the common configuration file
  - $(this-folder)/../../readme.azure.noprofile.md
input-file:
# You need to specify your swagger files here.
  - $(repo)/specification/domainservices/resource-manager/Microsoft.AAD/stable/2020-01-01/domainservices.json
# If the swagger has not been put in the repo, you may uncomment the following line and refer to it locally
# - (this-folder)/relative-path-to-your-swagger 

# For new RP, the version is 0.1.0
module-version: 0.1.0
# Normally, title is the service name
title: ADDomainServices
service-name: ADDomainServices
subject-prefix: ADDomainService

# If there are post APIs for some kinds of actions in the RP, you may need to 
# uncomment following line to support viaIdentity for these post APIs
# identity-correction-for-post: true
resourcegroup-append: true

# For new modules, please avoid setting 3.x using the use-extension method and instead, use 4.x as the default option
use-extension:
  "@autorest/powershell": "3.x"

directive:
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.definitions..pfxCertificatePassword
    transform: $.format = "password"
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.definitions..trustPassword
    transform: $.format = "password"
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.definitions..pfxCertificate
    transform: $.format = "byte"
  # Following is two common directive which are normally required in all the RPs
  # 1. Remove the unexpanded parameter set
  # 2. For New-* cmdlets, ViaIdentity is not required, so CreateViaIdentityExpanded is removed as well
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.AAD/domainServices/{domainServiceName}"].delete.responses
    transform: >-
        $["200"] = {
          "description": "HTTP 200 (OK) should be returned if the object exists and was deleted successfully."
        }
  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$
    remove: true
  # Remove the set-* cmdlet
  - where:
      verb: Set
    remove: true
  # Hide Operation cmdlets
  - where:
      subject: DomainServiceOperation
    hide: true
  # Reset subject-prefix as AD as previous setting by subject-prefix tag converts AD to Ad
  - where:
      subject-prefix: Ad(.*)
    set: 
      subject-prefix: AD$1
   # Hide to customize, DomainName -> required, ReplicaSet -> required
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: DomainService
    hide: true
   # Set the default of Location same with first element in ReplicaSets so that it can keep as optional
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: DomainService      
      parameter-name: Location
    set:
      default:
        name: Location Default
        description: Gets the Location from the first element in ReplicaSets.
        script: '$ReplicaSet[0].Location'
   # Add validate set for DomainConfigurationType: "FullySynced", "ResourceTrusting"
  - where:
      parameter-name: DomainConfigurationType
    set:
      completer:
        name: DomainConfigurationType Completer
        description: Gets the list of DomainConfigurationTypes available for this resource.
        script: "'FullySynced', 'ResourceTrusting'"
   # Added validate set for Sku: "Standard", "Enterprise", "Premium"
  - where:
      parameter-name: Sku
    set:
      completer:
        name: Sku Completer
        description: Gets the list of Skus available for this resource.
        script: "'Standard', 'Enterprise', 'Premium'"
  # Rename parameter LdapSettingLdap -> LdapSettingLdaps
  - where:
      parameter-name: LdapSettingLdap
    set:
      parameter-name: LdapSettingLdaps
  # Rename parameter ResourceForestSetting -> ForestTrust
  - where:
      parameter-name: ResourceForestSetting
    set:
      parameter-name: ForestTrust
  # Rename ResourceForestSettingResourceForest to ResourceForest
  - where:
      parameter-name: ResourceForestSettingResourceForest
    set:
      parameter-name: ResourceForest
  - model-cmdlet:
    - ForestTrust
    - ReplicaSet
  - where:
      model-name: DomainService
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - DomainName
          - Location
          - Sku
        labels:
          DomainName: Domain Name
```
