src/Workloads/Workloads/help/Update-AzWorkloadsSapApplicationInstance.md, before:

---
external help file: Az.Workloads-help.xml
Module Name: Az.Workloads
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.workloads/update-azworkloadssapapplicationinstance
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-AzWorkloadsSapApplicationInstance

## SYNOPSIS
Puts the SAP Application Server Instance resource.

## SYNTAX

### UpdateExpanded (Default)
```
Update-AzWorkloadsSapApplicationInstance -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 -SapVirtualInstanceName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
```
Update-AzWorkloadsSapApplicationInstance -InputObject <IWorkloadsIdentity> [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Puts the SAP Application Server Instance resource.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Add tags for an existing app server instance resource
```powershell
Update-AzWorkloadsSapApplicationInstance  -Name app0 -ResourceGroupName db0-vis-rg -SapVirtualInstanceName DB0 -Tag @{ Test = "PS"; k2 = "v2"}
```

```output
Name ResourceGroupName Health  ProvisioningState Status  Hostname Location
---- ----------------- ------  ----------------- ------  -------- --------
app0 db0-vis-rg        Healthy Succeeded         Running db0vm    centraluseuap
```

This cmdlet adds new tag name, value pairs to the existing app server instance resource app0.
VIS name and Resource group name are the other input parameters.

### Example 2: Add tags for an existing app server instance resource
```powershell
Update-AzWorkloadsSapApplicationInstance  -InputObject /subscriptions/49d64d54-e966-4c46-a868-1999802b762c/resourceGroups/db0-vis-rg/providers/Microsoft.Workloads/sapVirtualInstances/DB0/applicationInstances/app0 -Tag @{ Test = "PS"; k2 = "v2"}
```

```output
Name ResourceGroupName Health  ProvisioningState Status  Hostname Location
---- ----------------- ------  ----------------- ------  -------- --------
app0 db0-vis-rg        Healthy Succeeded         Running db0vm    centraluseuap
```

This cmdlet adds new tag name, value pairs to the existing app server instance resource app0.
Here app instance Azure resource ID is used as the input parameter.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Workloads.Models.IWorkloadsIdentity
Parameter Sets: UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of SAP Application Server instance resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SapVirtualInstanceName
The name of the Virtual Instances for SAP solutions resource

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Gets or sets the Resource tags.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Workloads.Models.IWorkloadsIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Workloads.Models.Api20230401.ISapApplicationServerInstance

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


`INPUTOBJECT <IWorkloadsIdentity>`: Identity Parameter
  - `[ApplicationInstanceName <String>]`: The name of SAP Application Server instance resource.
  - `[CentralInstanceName <String>]`: Central Services Instance resource name string modeled as parameter for auto generation to work correctly.
  - `[DatabaseInstanceName <String>]`: Database resource name string modeled as parameter for auto generation to work correctly.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[Location <String>]`: The name of Azure region.
  - `[MonitorName <String>]`: Name of the SAP monitor resource.
  - `[ProviderInstanceName <String>]`: Name of the provider instance.
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[SapVirtualInstanceName <String>]`: The name of the Virtual Instances for SAP solutions resource
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Refresh autorest-all modules from vidai/secrets-detection-generation to vidai/secrets-detection-evaluation (#24667)

src/Workloads/Workloads/help/Update-AzWorkloadsSapApplicationInstance.md, after:

---
external help file: Az.Workloads-help.xml
Module Name: Az.Workloads
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.workloads/update-azworkloadssapapplicationinstance
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-AzWorkloadsSapApplicationInstance

## SYNOPSIS
Updates the SAP Application server instance resource.
This can be used to update tags on the resource.

## SYNTAX

### UpdateExpanded (Default)
```
Update-AzWorkloadsSapApplicationInstance -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 -SapVirtualInstanceName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [-ProgressAction <ActionPreference>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
```
Update-AzWorkloadsSapApplicationInstance -InputObject <IWorkloadsIdentity> [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-ProgressAction <ActionPreference>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Updates the SAP Application server instance resource.
This can be used to update tags on the resource.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Add tags for an existing app server instance resource
```powershell
Update-AzWorkloadsSapApplicationInstance  -Name app0 -ResourceGroupName db0-vis-rg -SapVirtualInstanceName DB0 -Tag @{ Test = "PS"; k2 = "v2"}
```

```output
Name ResourceGroupName Health  ProvisioningState Status  Hostname Location
---- ----------------- ------  ----------------- ------  -------- --------
app0 db0-vis-rg        Healthy Succeeded         Running db0vm    centraluseuap
```

This cmdlet adds new tag name, value pairs to the existing app server instance resource app0.
VIS name and Resource group name are the other input parameters.

### Example 2: Add tags for an existing app server instance resource
```powershell
Update-AzWorkloadsSapApplicationInstance  -InputObject /subscriptions/49d64d54-e966-4c46-a868-1999802b762c/resourceGroups/db0-vis-rg/providers/Microsoft.Workloads/sapVirtualInstances/DB0/applicationInstances/app0 -Tag @{ Test = "PS"; k2 = "v2"}
```

```output
Name ResourceGroupName Health  ProvisioningState Status  Hostname Location
---- ----------------- ------  ----------------- ------  -------- --------
app0 db0-vis-rg        Healthy Succeeded         Running db0vm    centraluseuap
```

This cmdlet adds new tag name, value pairs to the existing app server instance resource app0.
Here app instance Azure resource ID is used as the input parameter.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Workloads.Models.IWorkloadsIdentity
Parameter Sets: UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of SAP Application Server instance resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProgressAction
{{ Fill ProgressAction Description }}

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.ActionPreference
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: proga

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SapVirtualInstanceName
The name of the Virtual Instances for SAP solutions resource

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Gets or sets the Resource tags.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Workloads.Models.IWorkloadsIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Workloads.Models.Api20231001Preview.ISapApplicationServerInstance

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
