src/Peering/Peering.Autorest/README.md, before:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.Peering
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the Peering service.

---

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.Peering`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
# Please specify the commit id that includes your features to make sure generated codes stable.
branch: 5fc05d0f0b15cbf16de942cadce464b495c66a58
require:
# readme.azure.noprofile.md is the common configuration file
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azure.noprofile.md
input-file:
# You need to specify your swagger files here.
  - $(repo)/specification/peering/resource-manager/Microsoft.Peering/stable/2022-10-01/peering.json
# If the swagger has not been put in the repo, you may uncomment the following line and refer to it locally
# - (this-folder)/relative-path-to-your-swagger 

# For new RP, the version is 0.1.0
module-version: 0.1.0
# Normally, title is the service name
title: Peering
subject-prefix: $(service-name)

# If there are post APIs for some kinds of actions in the RP, you may need to 
# uncomment following line to support viaIdentity for these post APIs
resourcegroup-append: true
identity-correction-for-post: true
nested-object-to-string: true

directive:
  # Following is two common directive which are normally required in all the RPs
  # 1. Remove the unexpanded parameter set
  # 2. For New-* cmdlets, ViaIdentity is not required, so CreateViaIdentityExpanded is removed as well
  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$
    remove: true

  # Remove the set-* cmdlet
  - where:
      verb: Set
    remove: true
  # Change cmdlet verb: Invoke-AzPeeringInvokeLookingGlass -> Start-AzPeeringInvokeLookingGlass
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^InvokeLookingGlass$
    set:
      verb: Start
  # Change cmdlet subject: *-AzPeeringPeerAsn -> *-AzPeeringAsn
  - where:
      subject-prefix: Peering
      subject: PeerAsn
    set:
      subject: Asn
  # Change cmdlet: *-AzPeeringLegacyPeering -> *-AzPeeringLegacy
  - where:
      subject-prefix: Peering
      subject: LegacyPeering
    set:
      subject: Legacy
  # Change cmdlet: *-AzPeeringCdnPeeringPrefix -> *-AzPeeringCdnPrefix
  - where:
      subject-prefix: Peering
      subject: CdnPeeringPrefix
    set:
      subject: CdnPrefix
  # Change cmdlet: *-AzPeeringPrefix -> *-AzPeeringServicePrefix
  - where:
      subject-prefix: Peering
      subject: Prefix
    set:
      subject: ServicePrefix

  # Some parameter is Array, so we need to change it and custom it
  # ExchangeConnection: New-AzPeeringExchangeConnectionObject
  # DirectConnection: New-AzPeeringDirectConnectionObject
  # ContactDetail: New-AzPeeringContactDetailObject
  # CheckServiceProviderAvailabilityInput: New-AzPeeringCheckServiceProviderAvailabilityInputObject
  # eg: 
  # New-AzPeering [-DirectConnection <IDirectConnection[]>] 
  # $directConnection = New-AzPeeringDirectConnectionObject ......
  # New-AzPeering -DirectConnection $directConnection ......
  - model-cmdlet:
      - ExchangeConnection
      - DirectConnection
      - ContactDetail
      - CheckServiceProviderAvailabilityInput

  # Change all parameters named SkuName(SkuName -> Sku) and add the alias SkuName to Sku
  - where:
      parameter-name: SkuName
    set:
      parameter-name: Sku
      alias: SkuName

  # Parameter information to be displayed after the command is returned
  # module-name source: .\azure-powershell\src\Peering\exports\Get-AzPeerAsn.ps1 Line 51 [IPeerAsn]
  - where:
      model-name: PeerAsn
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - PeerName
          - PropertiesPeerAsn
          - ValidationState
          - PeerContactDetail
        resource:
          - Id
  - where:
      model-name: CdnPeeringPrefix
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Prefix
          - AzureRegion
          - AzureService
          - IsPrimaryRegion
          - BgpCommunity
  - where:
      model-name: Peering
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - SkuName
          - Kind
          - PeeringLocation
          - ProvisioningState
          - Location
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringLocation
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - Country
          - AzureRegion
          - Kind
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringRegisteredAsn
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - Asn
          - PeeringServicePrefixKey
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringRegisteredPrefix
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - Prefix
          - PeeringServicePrefixKey
          - PrefixValidationState
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringService
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - PeeringServiceLocation
          - Provider
          - ProvisioningState
          - Location
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringServiceLocation
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - State
          - Country
          - AzureRegion
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringServicePrefix
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - Prefix
          - Key
          - PrefixValidationState
          - LearnedType
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringServiceProvider
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - PeeringLocation
          - ServiceProviderName
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringExchangeConnectionObject
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - PeeringLocation
          - ServiceProviderName
  - where:
      model-name: RpUnbilledPrefix
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Prefix
          - AzureRegion
          - PeerAsn
```

Commit message:

Refresh autorest-all modules from vidai/secrets-detection-generation to vidai/secrets-detection-evaluation (#24667)

src/Peering/Peering.Autorest/README.md, after:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.Peering
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the Peering service.

---
## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.Peering`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
# Please specify the commit id that includes your features to make sure generated codes stable.
commit: 5fc05d0f0b15cbf16de942cadce464b495c66a58
require:
# readme.azure.noprofile.md is the common configuration file
  - $(this-folder)/../../readme.azure.noprofile.md
input-file:
# You need to specify your swagger files here.
  - $(repo)/specification/peering/resource-manager/Microsoft.Peering/stable/2022-10-01/peering.json
# If the swagger has not been put in the repo, you may uncomment the following line and refer to it locally
# - (this-folder)/relative-path-to-your-swagger 

# For new RP, the version is 0.1.0
module-version: 0.1.0
# Normally, title is the service name
title: Peering
subject-prefix: $(service-name)

# If there are post APIs for some kinds of actions in the RP, you may need to 
# uncomment following line to support viaIdentity for these post APIs
resourcegroup-append: true
identity-correction-for-post: true
nested-object-to-string: true

# For new modules, please avoid setting 3.x using the use-extension method and instead, use 4.x as the default option
use-extension:
  "@autorest/powershell": "3.x"

directive:
  # Following is two common directive which are normally required in all the RPs
  # 1. Remove the unexpanded parameter set
  # 2. For New-* cmdlets, ViaIdentity is not required, so CreateViaIdentityExpanded is removed as well
  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$
    remove: true

  # Remove the set-* cmdlet
  - where:
      verb: Set
    remove: true
  # Change cmdlet verb: Invoke-AzPeeringInvokeLookingGlass -> Start-AzPeeringInvokeLookingGlass
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: ^InvokeLookingGlass$
    set:
      verb: Start
  # Change cmdlet subject: *-AzPeeringPeerAsn -> *-AzPeeringAsn
  - where:
      subject-prefix: Peering
      subject: PeerAsn
    set:
      subject: Asn
  # Change cmdlet: *-AzPeeringLegacyPeering -> *-AzPeeringLegacy
  - where:
      subject-prefix: Peering
      subject: LegacyPeering
    set:
      subject: Legacy
  # Change cmdlet: *-AzPeeringCdnPeeringPrefix -> *-AzPeeringCdnPrefix
  - where:
      subject-prefix: Peering
      subject: CdnPeeringPrefix
    set:
      subject: CdnPrefix
  # Change cmdlet: *-AzPeeringPrefix -> *-AzPeeringServicePrefix
  - where:
      subject-prefix: Peering
      subject: Prefix
    set:
      subject: ServicePrefix

  # Some parameter is Array, so we need to change it and custom it
  # ExchangeConnection: New-AzPeeringExchangeConnectionObject
  # DirectConnection: New-AzPeeringDirectConnectionObject
  # ContactDetail: New-AzPeeringContactDetailObject
  # CheckServiceProviderAvailabilityInput: New-AzPeeringCheckServiceProviderAvailabilityInputObject
  # eg: 
  # New-AzPeering [-DirectConnection <IDirectConnection[]>] 
  # $directConnection = New-AzPeeringDirectConnectionObject ......
  # New-AzPeering -DirectConnection $directConnection ......
  - model-cmdlet:
      - ExchangeConnection
      - DirectConnection
      - ContactDetail
      - CheckServiceProviderAvailabilityInput

  # Change all parameters named SkuName(SkuName -> Sku) and add the alias SkuName to Sku
  - where:
      parameter-name: SkuName
    set:
      parameter-name: Sku
      alias: SkuName

  # Parameter information to be displayed after the command is returned
  # module-name source: .\azure-powershell\src\Peering\exports\Get-AzPeerAsn.ps1 Line 51 [IPeerAsn]
  - where:
      model-name: PeerAsn
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - PeerName
          - PropertiesPeerAsn
          - ValidationState
          - PeerContactDetail
        resource:
          - Id
  - where:
      model-name: CdnPeeringPrefix
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Prefix
          - AzureRegion
          - AzureService
          - IsPrimaryRegion
          - BgpCommunity
  - where:
      model-name: Peering
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - SkuName
          - Kind
          - PeeringLocation
          - ProvisioningState
          - Location
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringLocation
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - Country
          - AzureRegion
          - Kind
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringRegisteredAsn
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - Asn
          - PeeringServicePrefixKey
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringRegisteredPrefix
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - Prefix
          - PeeringServicePrefixKey
          - PrefixValidationState
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringService
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - ResourceGroupName
          - PeeringServiceLocation
          - Provider
          - ProvisioningState
          - Location
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringServiceLocation
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - State
          - Country
          - AzureRegion
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringServicePrefix
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - Prefix
          - Key
          - PrefixValidationState
          - LearnedType
          - ProvisioningState
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringServiceProvider
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - PeeringLocation
          - ServiceProviderName
  - where:
      model-name: PeeringExchangeConnectionObject
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Name
          - PeeringLocation
          - ServiceProviderName
  - where:
      model-name: RpUnbilledPrefix
    set:
      format-table:
        properties:
          - Prefix
          - AzureRegion
          - PeerAsn
```
