src/BotService/BotService.Autorest/README.md, before:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.BotService
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the BotService service.

---

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.BotService`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

region Generated
# Az.BotService
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the BotService service.

---

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.BotService`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

---
## Generation Requirements
Use of the beta version of `autorest.powershell` generator requires the following:
- [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org) (10.15.x LTS preferred)
  - **Note**: It *will not work* with Node < 10.x. Using 11.x builds may cause issues as they may introduce instability or breaking changes.
> If you want an easy way to install and update Node, [NVS - Node Version Switcher](../nodejs/installing-via-nvs.md) or [NVM - Node Version Manager](../nodejs/installing-via-nvm.md) is recommended.
- [AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest) v3 beta <br>`npm install -g autorest@beta`<br>&nbsp;
- PowerShell 6.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g pwsh`<br>&nbsp;
- .NET Core SDK 2.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g dotnet-sdk-2.2`<br>&nbsp;
## Run Generation
In this directory, run AutoRest:
> `autorest`
---
### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest
``` yaml
branch: 827a487dc10fb666baa2d2b261c9264ea710f1b4 
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azure.noprofile.md
input-file:
  - $(repo)/specification/botservice/resource-manager/Microsoft.BotService/preview/2022-06-15-preview/botservice.json
title: BotService
module-version: 0.1.0
identity-correction-for-post: true
subject-prefix: 'BotService'
directive:
  - from: botservice.json
    where: $.definitions.EmailChannelAuthMethod
    transform: >-
      return {
          "type": "number",
          "description": "Email channel auth method. 0 Password (Default); 1 Graph.",
          "enum": [
            0,
            1
          ]
        }
  - from: botservice.json
    where: $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/providers/Microsoft.BotService/operationresults/{operationResultId}"]
    transform: delete $["get"]
  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$|^RegenerateViaIdentity$|^RegenerateViaIdentityExpanded$
    remove: true
  - where:
      subject: Bot
    set:
      subject: BotService
  - where:
      subject: BotService
      verb: New
    hide: true
  - where:
      subject: Channel|EnterpriseChannel|BotConnectionServiceProvider|BotConnection
    remove: true
  - where:
      subject: BotCheckNameAvailability
    hide: true
  - where:
      subject: BotService
      parameter-name: ResourceName
    set:
      parameter-name: Name
      alias: BotName
  - where:
      model-name: BotChannel
      property-name: ProvisioningState
    set:
      property-name: PropertiesProvisioningState
  - where:
      subject: PrivateEndpointConnection
    hide: true
  - where:
      verb: Get
      subject: PrivateLinkResource
    hide: true
  - where:
      subject: BotService
    set:
      subject-prefix: ''
  - where: 
      verb: Get
      subject: HostSetting
      variant: GetViaIdentity
    hide: true
  - where: 
      verb: Get
      subject: QnAMakerEndpointKey
    hide: true
  - where: 
      subject: BotCheckNameAvailability
    set:
      subject: CheckNameAvailability
  - where: 
      verb: New
      subject: DirectLineKey
      variant: Regenerate
    hide: true
```

Commit message:

Refresh autorest-all modules from vidai/secrets-detection-generation to vidai/secrets-detection-evaluation (#24667)

src/BotService/BotService.Autorest/README.md, after:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.BotService
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the BotService service.

---
## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.BotService`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

region Generated
# Az.BotService
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the BotService service.

---
## Status
[![Az.BotService](https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/v/Az.BotService.svg?style=flat-square&label=Az.BotService "Az.BotService")](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.BotService/)

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.BotService`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

---
## Generation Requirements
Use of the beta version of `autorest.powershell` generator requires the following:
- [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org) (10.15.x LTS preferred)
  - **Note**: It *will not work* with Node < 10.x. Using 11.x builds may cause issues as they may introduce instability or breaking changes.
> If you want an easy way to install and update Node, [NVS - Node Version Switcher](../nodejs/installing-via-nvs.md) or [NVM - Node Version Manager](../nodejs/installing-via-nvm.md) is recommended.
- [AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest) v3 beta <br>`npm install -g autorest@beta`<br>&nbsp;
- PowerShell 6.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g pwsh`<br>&nbsp;
- .NET Core SDK 2.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g dotnet-sdk-2.2`<br>&nbsp;
## Run Generation
In this directory, run AutoRest:
> `autorest`
---
### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest
``` yaml
commit: 827a487dc10fb666baa2d2b261c9264ea710f1b4
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../../readme.azure.noprofile.md
input-file:
  - $(repo)/specification/botservice/resource-manager/Microsoft.BotService/preview/2022-06-15-preview/botservice.json
title: BotService
module-version: 0.1.0
identity-correction-for-post: true
subject-prefix: 'BotService'
# For new modules, please avoid setting 3.x using the use-extension method and instead, use 4.x as the default option
use-extension:
  "@autorest/powershell": "3.x"

directive:
  - from: botservice.json
    where: $.definitions.EmailChannelAuthMethod
    transform: >-
      return {
          "type": "number",
          "description": "Email channel auth method. 0 Password (Default); 1 Graph.",
          "enum": [
            0,
            1
          ]
        }
  - from: botservice.json
    where: $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/providers/Microsoft.BotService/operationresults/{operationResultId}"]
    transform: delete $["get"]
  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$|^RegenerateViaIdentity$|^RegenerateViaIdentityExpanded$
    remove: true
  - where:
      subject: Bot
    set:
      subject: BotService
  - where:
      subject: BotService
      verb: New
    hide: true
  - where:
      subject: Channel|EnterpriseChannel|BotConnectionServiceProvider|BotConnection
    remove: true
  - where:
      subject: BotCheckNameAvailability
    hide: true
  - where:
      subject: BotService
      parameter-name: ResourceName
    set:
      parameter-name: Name
      alias: BotName
  - where:
      model-name: BotChannel
      property-name: ProvisioningState
    set:
      property-name: PropertiesProvisioningState
  - where:
      subject: PrivateEndpointConnection
    hide: true
  - where:
      verb: Get
      subject: PrivateLinkResource
    hide: true
  - where:
      subject: BotService
    set:
      subject-prefix: ''
  - where: 
      verb: Get
      subject: HostSetting
      variant: GetViaIdentity
    hide: true
  - where: 
      verb: Get
      subject: QnAMakerEndpointKey
    hide: true
  - where: 
      subject: BotCheckNameAvailability
    set:
      subject: CheckNameAvailability
  - where: 
      verb: New
      subject: DirectLineKey
      variant: Regenerate
    hide: true
```
