src/ContainerInstance/ContainerInstance.Autorest/README.md, before:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.ContainerInstance
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the ContainerInstance service.

---

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.ContainerInstance`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
branch: 81562c6c057a510ddde50ff40720d254bd5f6dbf
require:
# readme.azure.noprofile.md is the common configuration file
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azure.noprofile.md
input-file:
# You need to specify your swagger files here.
  - $(repo)/specification/containerinstance/resource-manager/Microsoft.ContainerInstance/preview/2022-10-01-preview/containerInstance.json 
# If the swagger has not been put in the repo, you may uncomment the following line and refer to it locally
# - (this-folder)/relative-path-to-your-swagger 

# For new RP, the version is 0.1.0
module-version: 1.0.3
# Normally, title is the service name
title: ContainerInstance
subject-prefix: $(service-name)
identity-correction-for-post: true
nested-object-to-string: true
resourcegroup-append: true

# If there are post APIs for some kinds of actions in the RP, you may need to 
# uncomment following line to support viaIdentity for these post APIs
# identity-correctiEXon-for-post: true

directive:
  # Following is two common directive which are normally required in all the RPs
  # 1. Remove the unexpanded parameter set
  # 2. For New-* cmdlets, ViaIdentity is not required, so CreateViaIdentityExpanded is removed as well
  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$|^Execute$|^ExecuteViaIdentity$|^ExecuteViaIdentityExpanded$|^AttachViaIdentity$
    remove: true
  # Remove the set-* cmdlet
  - where:
      verb: Set
    remove: true
  # Rename *-AzContainerInstanceContainerGroup to *-AzContainerGroup
  - where:
      subject: ContainerGroup
    set:
      subject-prefix: ""
  # Shorten *-AzContainerInstanceContainerLog to *-AzContainerInstanceLog
  - where:
      subject: ContainerLog
    set:
      subject: Log
  # Rename Add-AzContainerInstanceContainer -> Add-AzContainerInstanceOutput
  - where:
      subject: Container
    set:
      subject: Output    
  # Rename Invoke-AzContainerInstanceExecuteContainerCommand -> Invoke-AzContainerInstanceCommand
  - where:
      subject: ExecuteContainerCommand
    set:
      subject: Command
  # Shorten Get-AzContainerInstanceLocation(.*) -> Get-AzContainerInstance(.*)
  - where:
      subject: (^Location)(.*) 
    set:
      subject: $2
  # ImageRegistryCredentials -> ImageRegistryCredential
  - where:
      parameter-name: ImageRegistryCredentials
    set:
      parameter-name: ImageRegistryCredential
  # Sets OSType equal Linux by default
  - where:
      parameter-name: OSType
    set:
      default:
        description: Sets OSType equal Linux by default.
        script: '"Linux"'
  # 1. Set IPAddressPort equals $Container.Port
  # 2. Set Location mandatory
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: ContainerGroup
    hide: true
  - where:
      parameter-name: TerminalSizeCol
    set:
      default:
        script: '$host.UI.RawUI.WindowSize.Width'
  - where:
      parameter-name: TerminalSizeRow
    set:
      default:
        script: '$host.UI.RawUI.WindowSize.Height'
  # Set parameter 'Command' required
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: Command
    hide: true
  # Alias long name: Get-AzContainerInstanceContainerGroupOutboundNetworkDependencyEndpoint
  - where:
      verb: Get
      subject: ContainerGroupOutboundNetworkDependencyEndpoint
    set:
      alias: Get-AzContainerGroupOutboundNetworkDependencyEndpoint
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $
    transform: return $.replace(/resourcegroups/, "resourceGroups")
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.ContainerInstance/containerGroups/{containerGroupName}/start"].post.responses
    transform: >-
      $["200"] = {
          "description": "OK"
      };
      $["204"] = {
          "description": "No content"
      }
  # Change the type of EmptyDir from IAny() to VolumeEmptyDir
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.definitions.Volume.properties.emptyDir
    transform: >-
      return {
        "description": "The empty directory volume.",
        "type": "object",
        "additionalProperties": true
      }
  # - model-cmdlet:
  #   - Volume # Hide to customize AzureFileStorageAccountKey from string to securestring

  # Fix Typo: Parameters starting with PreviouState will be corrected as PreviousState.
  - where:
      model-name: ContainerPropertiesInstanceView|InitContainerPropertiesDefinitionInstanceView|Container|ContainerProperties|InitContainerDefinition|InitContainerPropertiesDefinition
      property-name: PreviousState
    set:
      property-name: PreviousStateInternal

  - where:
      model-name: ContainerPropertiesInstanceView|InitContainerPropertiesDefinitionInstanceView|Container|ContainerProperties|InitContainerDefinition|InitContainerPropertiesDefinition
      property-name: ^PreviouState
    set:
      property-name: PreviousState
```

Commit message:

Refresh autorest-all modules from vidai/secrets-detection-generation to vidai/secrets-detection-evaluation (#24667)

src/ContainerInstance/ContainerInstance.Autorest/README.md, after:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.ContainerInstance
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the ContainerInstance service.

---
## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.ContainerInstance`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
commit: 81562c6c057a510ddde50ff40720d254bd5f6dbf
require:
# readme.azure.noprofile.md is the common configuration file
  - $(this-folder)/../../readme.azure.noprofile.md
input-file:
# You need to specify your swagger files here.
  - $(repo)/specification/containerinstance/resource-manager/Microsoft.ContainerInstance/preview/2022-10-01-preview/containerInstance.json 
# If the swagger has not been put in the repo, you may uncomment the following line and refer to it locally
# - (this-folder)/relative-path-to-your-swagger 

# For new RP, the version is 0.1.0
module-version: 1.0.3
# Normally, title is the service name
title: ContainerInstance
subject-prefix: $(service-name)
identity-correction-for-post: true
nested-object-to-string: true
resourcegroup-append: true

# If there are post APIs for some kinds of actions in the RP, you may need to 
# uncomment following line to support viaIdentity for these post APIs
# identity-correctiEXon-for-post: true

# For new modules, please avoid setting 3.x using the use-extension method and instead, use 4.x as the default option
use-extension:
  "@autorest/powershell": "3.x"

directive:
  # Following is two common directive which are normally required in all the RPs
  # 1. Remove the unexpanded parameter set
  # 2. For New-* cmdlets, ViaIdentity is not required, so CreateViaIdentityExpanded is removed as well
  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$|^Execute$|^ExecuteViaIdentity$|^ExecuteViaIdentityExpanded$|^AttachViaIdentity$
    remove: true
  # Remove the set-* cmdlet
  - where:
      verb: Set
    remove: true
  # Rename *-AzContainerInstanceContainerGroup to *-AzContainerGroup
  - where:
      subject: ContainerGroup
    set:
      subject-prefix: ""
  # Shorten *-AzContainerInstanceContainerLog to *-AzContainerInstanceLog
  - where:
      subject: ContainerLog
    set:
      subject: Log
  # Rename Add-AzContainerInstanceContainer -> Add-AzContainerInstanceOutput
  - where:
      subject: Container
    set:
      subject: Output    
  # Rename Invoke-AzContainerInstanceExecuteContainerCommand -> Invoke-AzContainerInstanceCommand
  - where:
      subject: ExecuteContainerCommand
    set:
      subject: Command
  # Shorten Get-AzContainerInstanceLocation(.*) -> Get-AzContainerInstance(.*)
  - where:
      subject: (^Location)(.*) 
    set:
      subject: $2
  # ImageRegistryCredentials -> ImageRegistryCredential
  - where:
      parameter-name: ImageRegistryCredentials
    set:
      parameter-name: ImageRegistryCredential
  # Sets OSType equal Linux by default
  - where:
      parameter-name: OSType
    set:
      default:
        description: Sets OSType equal Linux by default.
        script: '"Linux"'
  # 1. Set IPAddressPort equals $Container.Port
  # 2. Set Location mandatory
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: ContainerGroup
    hide: true
  - where:
      parameter-name: TerminalSizeCol
    set:
      default:
        script: '$host.UI.RawUI.WindowSize.Width'
  - where:
      parameter-name: TerminalSizeRow
    set:
      default:
        script: '$host.UI.RawUI.WindowSize.Height'
  # Set parameter 'Command' required
  - where:
      verb: Invoke
      subject: Command
    hide: true
  # Alias long name: Get-AzContainerInstanceContainerGroupOutboundNetworkDependencyEndpoint
  - where:
      verb: Get
      subject: ContainerGroupOutboundNetworkDependencyEndpoint
    set:
      alias: Get-AzContainerGroupOutboundNetworkDependencyEndpoint
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $
    transform: return $.replace(/resourcegroups/, "resourceGroups")
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.ContainerInstance/containerGroups/{containerGroupName}/start"].post.responses
    transform: >-
      $["200"] = {
          "description": "OK"
      };
      $["204"] = {
          "description": "No content"
      }
  # Change the type of EmptyDir from IAny() to VolumeEmptyDir
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.definitions.Volume.properties.emptyDir
    transform: >-
      return {
        "description": "The empty directory volume.",
        "type": "object",
        "additionalProperties": true
      }
  # - model-cmdlet:
  #   - Volume # Hide to customize AzureFileStorageAccountKey from string to securestring

  # Fix Typo: Parameters starting with PreviouState will be corrected as PreviousState.
  - where:
      model-name: ContainerPropertiesInstanceView|InitContainerPropertiesDefinitionInstanceView|Container|ContainerProperties|InitContainerDefinition|InitContainerPropertiesDefinition
      property-name: PreviousState
    set:
      property-name: PreviousStateInternal

  - where:
      model-name: ContainerPropertiesInstanceView|InitContainerPropertiesDefinitionInstanceView|Container|ContainerProperties|InitContainerDefinition|InitContainerPropertiesDefinition
      property-name: ^PreviouState
    set:
      property-name: PreviousState
```
