src/HealthBot/HealthBot.Autorest/README.md, before:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.HealthBot
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the HealthBot service.

---

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.2.3 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.HealthBot`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
Branch: 1aceb59fc10a1f9cf8b8da8d2a17dc5ce693604a
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azure.noprofile.md
input-file:
  - $(repo)/specification/healthbot/resource-manager/Microsoft.HealthBot/stable/2020-12-08/healthbot.json

module-version: 0.1.0
title: HealthBot
service-name: HealthBot
subject-prefix: $(service-name)
identity-correction-for-post: true

directive:
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.definitions.SystemData.properties
    transform: >-
        return {
          "createdBy": {
            "type": "string",
            "readOnly": true,
            "description": "The identity that created the resource."
          },
          "createdByType": {
            "$ref": "#/definitions/IdentityType",
            "readOnly": true,
            "description": "The type of identity that created the resource"
          },
          "createdAt": {
            "type": "string",
            "format": "date-time",
            "readOnly": true,
            "description": "The timestamp of resource creation (UTC)"
          },
          "lastModifiedBy": {
            "type": "string",
            "readOnly": true,
            "description": "The identity that last modified the resource."
          },
          "lastModifiedByType": {
            "$ref": "#/definitions/IdentityType",
            "readOnly": true,
            "description": "The type of identity that last modified the resource"
          },
          "lastModifiedAt": {
            "type": "string",
            "format": "date-time",
            "readOnly": true,
            "description": "The timestamp of resource last modification (UTC)"
          }
        }
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: SkuName
    set:
      parameter-name: Sku
  - where:
      verb: Update
      parameter-name: SkuName
    set:
      parameter-name: Sku
  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$
    remove: true
```

Commit message:

Refresh autorest-all modules from vidai/secrets-detection-generation to vidai/secrets-detection-evaluation (#24667)

src/HealthBot/HealthBot.Autorest/README.md, after:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Az.HealthBot
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the HealthBot service.

---
## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.7.5 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.HealthBot`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
commit: 1aceb59fc10a1f9cf8b8da8d2a17dc5ce693604a
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../../readme.azure.noprofile.md
input-file:
  - $(repo)/specification/healthbot/resource-manager/Microsoft.HealthBot/stable/2020-12-08/healthbot.json

module-version: 0.1.0
title: HealthBot
service-name: HealthBot
subject-prefix: $(service-name)
identity-correction-for-post: true

# For new modules, please avoid setting 3.x using the use-extension method and instead, use 4.x as the default option
use-extension:
  "@autorest/powershell": "3.x"

directive:
  - from: swagger-document
    where: $.definitions.SystemData.properties
    transform: >-
        return {
          "createdBy": {
            "type": "string",
            "readOnly": true,
            "description": "The identity that created the resource."
          },
          "createdByType": {
            "$ref": "#/definitions/IdentityType",
            "readOnly": true,
            "description": "The type of identity that created the resource"
          },
          "createdAt": {
            "type": "string",
            "format": "date-time",
            "readOnly": true,
            "description": "The timestamp of resource creation (UTC)"
          },
          "lastModifiedBy": {
            "type": "string",
            "readOnly": true,
            "description": "The identity that last modified the resource."
          },
          "lastModifiedByType": {
            "$ref": "#/definitions/IdentityType",
            "readOnly": true,
            "description": "The type of identity that last modified the resource"
          },
          "lastModifiedAt": {
            "type": "string",
            "format": "date-time",
            "readOnly": true,
            "description": "The timestamp of resource last modification (UTC)"
          }
        }
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: SkuName
    set:
      parameter-name: Sku
  - where:
      verb: Update
      parameter-name: SkuName
    set:
      parameter-name: Sku
  - where:
      variant: ^Create$|^CreateViaIdentity$|^CreateViaIdentityExpanded$|^Update$|^UpdateViaIdentity$
    remove: true
```
